Updated install docs (#377)
hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client: README.md

## Installation

Currently we provide precompiled binaries of CLC for the following platforms and architectures:

* Linux/amd64
* Windows/amd64
* MacOS/amd64
* MacOS/arm64

> 

Reviewer: The official name for the OS should be "macOS", as far as I know.

Author: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/377/commits/d919d6185f9805aa30eb423d83a3272c360b2f8b

### Linux / MacOS

You can run the following command to install the latest stable CLC on a computer running Linux x64 or MacOS 10.15 (Catalina) x64/ARM 64 (M1/M2):
```
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/main/extras/unix/install.sh | bash
```

> On MacOS, binaries downloaded outside of AppStore requires user intervention to run.

Reviewer: Let's use the "you" approach here ("your" instead of "user").

> On MacOS, binaries downloaded outside of AppStore requires user intervention to run.

Author: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/377/commits/d919d6185f9805aa30eb423d83a3272c360b2f8b

> The install script automatically handles that, but you can do that manually in case you downloaded a release package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The install script automatically handles this, but if you downloaded a release package you can do it manually:
```

Author: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/377/commits/d919d6185f9805aa30eb423d83a3272c360b2f8b

```
$ xattr -d com.apple.quarantine CLC_FOLDER/clc
```
Use the correct path instead of `CLC_FOLDER` in the command above.

### Windows

We provide an installer for Windows 10 and up.

> The installer can install CLC for either system-wide or just for the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The installer can install CLC either system-wide or just for the user.
```

Author: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/377/commits/d919d6185f9805aa30eb423d83a3272c360b2f8b

It adds the `clc` binary automatically to the `$PATH`, so it can be run in any terminal without additional settings.

Check out our [Releases](https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/releases/latest) page for the download.

### Building from Source

If your platform is not one of the above, you may want to compile CLC yourself. Our build process is very simple and doesn't have many dependencies.

> In most cases just running `make` is sufficient to build CLC if you have the latest [Go](https://go.dev/) compiler and GNU make installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In most cases, running `make` is sufficient to build CLC if you have the latest [Go](https://go.dev/) compiler and GNU make installed.
```

Author: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/377/commits/d919d6185f9805aa30eb423d83a3272c360b2f8b
